/* vim: set ft=text: */

20120216: 0.0.1
    Initial Release
    Who: Mark Simpson, Zach Shaw, Moss Collum
    Where: Brick and Mortar, Central Square, Cambridge MA
    What: Sazerac & Negroni (with Absinthe rinse) - mjs
        Rye Manhattan & Negroni (with Absinthe rinse) - Zach
        'Temporary Fix' - Moss

    The location was too crowded and too loud.  But the drinks and food were
    good.  Moss declared that his Temporary Fix was good and he would gladly
    push it to production.  Zach gamely ordered the Negroni never having one
    before and found that it was not something he liked.  mjs was quite
    pleased with both of his drinks.

    Discussion topics included: 
        * Refactoring - when to do it and when not to
        * Code as a 'dashboard'
        * Half-baked ideas for upcoming BSC meetings


20120227: 0.0.1
    [prototype for next release]
    Who: Mark Simpson, Wendy Mastandrea (QA)
    Where: Brick and Mortar, Central Square, Cambridge, MA
    What: Sazerac & Gentleman John - mjs
        A Bitter Pill To Swallow - wendymas

    I wanted to test out the location again since it seemed that the previous
    night had just been a wrong time (any sort of work with dates and times is
    fraught with problems).

    The location was very quiet when testing began and only started to get
    more customers and louder near the end of the test run.  Talking with the
    bartender (Kenny) revealed that Monday and Tuesday nights are generally
    quiet and only really gets busier nearer to 20:00.  So the idea of
    Code-n-Cocktails generally earlier in the evening, as an after-work thing
    would work well.

    Drinks were very tasty - and further menu items were also tested (no
    faults found).  The bartender was happy to show off his craft - a very
    good thing.

    I discussed the idea of Code-n-Cocktails to the bartender and he seemed
    amused/pleased with the idea.  He said he just wants people to come in,
    enjoy good drinks and have a good time.

    Given how quiet and empty the place was I think it would be a great
    location for the Code-n-Cocktail.

    I declare testing to be successful and I suggest "ship it!" for this
    feature set.

20120227: 0.0.1
    [prototype for next release]
    Who: Chloe, Sara
    Where: Backbar, Union Square, Somerville MA
    What: Jam and Tea (liked it) - Chloe
	Union Mule (really good!) - Chloe
	A & W

    Down the alley, next to the Independent in Union Sq. Through the metal
    door and all the way down the hall. Backbar is at the back. Very good bar
    would go again. Nice and quiet on a Monday night at 7 started to fill up
    nicely by 9. They suggested making a reservation if you're going Thursday,
    Friday, or Saturday night. Open Thursday - Monday.

20120313: 0.0.2
    Moss
    Neil
    Zach
    Mike
    Don
    Mark: Sazerac, Negroni (w/ absinthe rinse), Gentle John
    Veneet:
    Zach

    I (mjs) cannot attempt to write down every drink people had - they will
    have to put in pull requests to update this HISTORY file.

    Brick and Mortar worked out well - we had plenty of space for most of the
    time and the tunes were good (Dueling Banjos immediately was a popular
    pairing tune).

    We tried out Zach's Exquisite Corpse style coding exercise with
    'interesting' results: https://github.com/verdammelt/exquisitecorpse

    Finally the night ended with Zach, Neil, Moss and mjs discussing the
    number of twitter followers of various people and how crazy those numbers
    might be.

    Oh, and somewhere along the way we discussed if Object Oriented
    Programming is bullshit or not.

    Great Success!

